Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
The end of the year is now getting closer!
Everyone...!
Are you all prepared to receive the new year?
Hmm...?
Oh?
Still aren't? Work hard please, yes?
In Japan...
...People clean their houses...
...Or they place Kadomatsu
(Traditional Japanese decoration)
It seems that you have to make a lot of preparations to receive the new year, right?
Within the events of the end of the year...
...The one that intrigues me is...!
...The Nengajou!
The Nengajou is...
...A Japan custom...
...In which you place feelings of gratitude...
...And your best wishes for the new year in a letter...
...And you send them to those people that helped you during the year
*Gajou: Letter of Celebration*
A culture in which the connections between people are treasured...
...I like that!
It's because of that, that in this occasion...
...I’m going to challenge myself to make a Nengajou
In that case, I’ll start at once-degozaruyo!
In this occasion, I’ll use this website called "Webpo"
And I’ll make a Nengajou online
Oh! "Free Test"!
Thanks!
Good, here I go!
Tou!
It's great that you can apply one as a test, right?
Mmm... mmm... I see...
First, I should go... here-degozaruna?
I see!
This is really adorable!
It’s an adorable design-degozaruno!
Mmm... I wonder which should I choose
This is adorable-degozaruna!
These... puppies...
These are...
...Photographs that all the human beings have done-degozaru?
This is...
...Rather admirable!
Well, yes...
I suppose I’ll choose this austere letter of celebration that moved my samurai soul
"Printing with margen"
Tou!
Oh!
Next up, I should include the greeting, correct?
Correct?
"Greeting"
"Hello everyone!"
"Congratulations for the new year!"
"I’ll be counting on you in this new year as well!"
Is that good?
OK-degozaru!
Nin nin!
(Phrases said by ninjas)
"Add the sender address"
Sender...
But, since I’m a virtual being...
...I don’t have an address, so then...
...Well, for the moment, I’ll ignore it
Oh! What’s this? What's this?
I see!
I should input the destination address, right?
Oh!
This is really overwhelming-degozaruna! (?)
A friend that knows your address-degozaru?
Address...!
Address?
Address!
Eh... address
Address...
A friend that knows...
...Your address...
My... friend?
Hmm...
Fri...
...end...
😭
Fri...
Friend!
I want to have friends! 😭
* Translated by Vortex *